how do you even get started on something
like hip mobility well there's only
three things to worry about hamstrings
hip flexors and the butt
stuff when you do external rotation it
stretches your booty I don't know what
you were thinking Pi literally any
hamstring stretch and hold it for 30
seconds then a hip flexor lunge and hold
this for another 30 seconds then a full
pigeon pose for wait this is too
difficult then a modified pigeon pose
for 30 seconds then poof your foot goes
behind your head you're so flexible now
just kidding do two more sets of each
exercise and then you'll start making
progress by the way this is from a free
ebook with pictures and videos that I
made specifically for you just hit the
link in my bio and I'll get it to you
imagine just walking and then all of a
sudden no no oh wait I'm flexible I
followed the ebook stay flexy